Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 14]
This is still here.
I came here 20 years ago with my family.
It was my father, mother, sister, and me.
Let's take a picture!
- Look over here!
- Let's look over there!
- It's ready.
- Hurry on over!
Look at the camera. Let's smile, okay?
One, two...
I think it was the first and last time
that our family gathered together
and laughed with joy.
I don't think...
there will be another chance.
It's more like...
I don't have the right.
Did something... happen at the hospital?
- What's...
- A consent form.
A DNR.
Even if we can revive him,
we can't save him.
I was in a good mood.
He recognized me for once...
and his password is my birthday.
I was... in a really good mood.
But in the end...
my father asked me to kill him,
once again.
That's not true.
This is different.
Asking you for morphine...
and signing a DNR...
I know that.
The problem...
Do you know what the problem is?
It's that I felt relieved.
"What a relief.
Even if his heart stops..."
"I don't have to save him."
- "What a relief."
- Doctor Kwak.
Do you know what's worse?
I hope... that day will come soon.
It'd be nice...
if it ended sooner than later.
I think I'm thinking this way...
because of my father.
It's not like I take care of him
all day long.
It's only been... two years now.
Do you want to go for round two?
Why are you laughing?
Am I funny to you?
No, I'm laughing at myself.
I wonder who is more frustrated.
You're going crazy because your father
lost himself to dementia.
And I'm going crazy
because of my completely sane father.
I wonder who is more frustrated.
My father...
is a con artist.
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
You being here...
has...
comforted me a lot.
What the heck is this happy music?
Geez, let's go.
Hey, the light changed!
Huh? Okay.
- Hello. Hello.
- Doctor Song!
Good morning.
Wait, why...
What's wrong with them?
Are they fighting again?
It doesn't seem that way.
- What are you doing here?
- What else? I'm waiting for you.
Why?
Today is my testing day.
Did you... forget?
You're not Yoo Ah Rim.
Song Eun Jae forgot?
Wow, did something happen?
I can't think of
how this can be explained...
What's the matter? Tell me, okay?
Doctor Song.
What are you doing here?
Are you going to prepare?
The boat hasn't departed yet.
Hey, stop it! It's so noisy.
Something... is going on, isn't it?
Are you having a fling with Doctor Song?
Geez, you're so dirty!
Let's talk.
We drank a lot of alcohol yesterday.
Wine, soju, and beer.
We drank over 10 bottles. We had
blood alcohol levels of over 0.2.
Blood alcohol levels?
We could have had our licenses suspended.
There's a chance we committed unintended
acts due to our compromised states.
And alcohol activated dopamine,
phenylethylamine
oxytocin, and various types of hormones.
- Therefore...
- Therefore?
What happened yesterday, was an accident
that occurred due to chemical reactions
between alcohol and hormones.
I'm relieved.
I was worried that
it meant nothing to you.
That's what I'm talking about.
Right now...
Aren't you nervous and excited?
You're using hormones as an excuse
because you're scared.
- I won't go even if I have to die!
- Geez, seriously!
- It's dangerous! Gosh!
- I said I'm not going!
You have to go to the hospital.
You're full of energy today!
Get lost!
Let's go to the hospital ship!
You need to get acupuncture!
Strike, strike, strike...
Gosh, please go easy on him!
What if you hurt his handsome face?
Geez, what handsome face?
- Grandfather!
- I'm not going!
Hurry.
- Geez!
- He has a fever.
It's 37.6 degrees!
I'm not going anywhere!
Let go of me!
I told you I'm not going!
You can't make me!
Geez, are you crazy?
Then, I'll die right here!
- Geez!
- Gosh!
Geez, again?
You should just get it over with!
But he can't win against
Manager Choo's stubborn personality!
Hey, I told you to let go of me!
Let go of me!
Geez, please stop!
Manager Choo, escort him in!
Geez.
We're here. Let's go inside.
Hello, come in.
We're here.
I told you I won't do it!
Geez, stop it already!
Please watch your arm.
- Geez!
- Thank you.
I'm leaving!
You can't...
It's an abscess. If I anesthetize it,
and squeeze out the pus
the pain and swelling will be gone.
- Anesthesia.
- Yes.
Please open wide. Open wide. Open wide.
I'll freeze it now.
Open wide...
Doctor!
Geez, my nose.
Damn it, my nose.
- Why is it so noisy? Is there a war?
- You don't have patients, right?
Help me before
my beautiful nose sinks into my face.
- What the heck?
- Hurry.
I got it. Let go of me.
- Help me.
- Fine.
Please stay still.
Let me hold you right here.
Young... Young Master.
- Grandpa.
- "Grandpa?"
This is your house?
Butler? Park Soo Beom
was Jae Geol's family's butler?
- Yes.
- I guess he's really rich after all.
What do butlers do?
They drive, take care of the garden,
and do all sorts of things.
I heard he spent his whole life
where his father lived.
Was that... the doctor
of oriental medicine's house?
- That's what I'm telling you.
- It's a small world, isn't it?
That's what I'm saying. Geez, seriously.
What brings you here?
Did you come here to pick up your gown?
You should come home
more often. Why don't...
- Let's talk.
- Where are the keys to the villa?
Why do you need them?
Is this the time to play at the villa?
- Give them to me.
- Fine, I'll give them to you.
I'll give them to you, so come back home
after having fun for the last time.
Why are you living in that small dorm?
Come back home and start studying.
Forget about oriental medicine
and work on becoming a doctor. You
need to inherit your father's hospital.
The keys.
Wow, is this interesting to you?
- Yeah.
- Really?
I guess blood is thicker than water.
- Gosh.
- You punk.
- I don't know what this means.
- This is incredibly difficult.
Is that right?
[DF Ver] Episode 14 Hospital Ship "The New Woman"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Wow!
Jae Geol, it's flying
all the way to the ocean!
That's right!
Cheer up, Jae Geol!
One, two, three!
Throw it! That's right! Wow, good job!
Wow!
Wow, look at that! It's flying
all the way to the ocean!
What am I missing?
Is that a cook book?
What's this?
Let's talk.
- We work here.
- Hey, this is our personal space.
The hospital ship provides it,
so it's an extension of work.
Let's go with that then.
I'm not in the mood for jokes.
Listen to me seriously.
We're colleagues
who work on the hospital ship
and as a doctor, I'm your superior.
We're supposed to work at our workplace.
If you want a deeper relationship
we can no longer continue
as colleagues, which is why...
Is this the wall
that you don't me to cross?
That's right.
I got it. If that's what you want.
But, remember this.
This might not be a wall, but a door.
So you can open it whenever you're ready.
I'll be waiting on the other side.
From the foolish mother
who took away all her daughter's time
to find love.
The reason why I asked everyone
to gather here today
is because Kang Jung Ho finished
his treatment and came back
so we're here to congratulate him!
- That's why!
- Welcome.
Thank you.
Doctor Song, thank you so much.
Thanks to you, I'm able to hold my baby.
Thank you.
Ji Hyun, give her the present.
Doctor, thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- What are you doing?
Escort them to the cafeteria!
- I'll see you later, okay?
- Thank you.
- Attention! Attention!
There's one more thing!
- Jun Ho, tell her to come in.
- Yes.
Please come inside.
Good.
Let me introduce our new guest.
As an artist who just got back
from studying art in New York
she said she is planning
a private exhibition on Geojedo
and the topic will be centered
around the hospital ship.
Please introduce yourself.
Hello, I'm Artist Choi Young Eun.
And she offered to donate her profit
for the treatments
of the the island residents!
Please give her a round of applause!
Thank you!
It's been a long time.
Who knew we'd meet here, Doctor Kwak?
I know, right?
She's really pretty. How do you know her?
What's your relationship with her?
Why are you so curious about everything?
If you're bored, look at the patients'
charts instead of making mistakes again.
Hey, why are you annoyed at me?
- Nurse.
- What is it this time?
Who is she? How do they know each other?
Why are you so curious?
Is she... my rival?
- What do you mean?
- Didn't I tell you?
I like Doctor Kwak.
What? Why?
Because he's sexy.
I managed to snag a seat on the bus
and that's when I realized
he was the one I looked for...
Gosh, Nurse Yoo, you have an illness.
- An illness?
- How long has it been since you cried
after your friend stole your boyfriend?
But you're in love again?
That's why I fell in love.
Love is the best Band-aid
for wounds caused by love.
- Band-aid.
- "Band-aid."
Nurse, I'm serious.
Let me see your arm.
Miss, show me your arm.
You need to show it to me
so I can treat it.
If you were going be so stubborn,
why did you come here?
Can't you speak Korean?
Do you speak Korean? Yes or no?
If not, do you speak English?
Can you speak it or not?
What's the matter?
I think she hurt her arm,
but she won't talk.
She's talking right now.
She is, isn't she?
Why don't you want to be treated?
I didn't come here for myself.
Then?
My child is sick.
Where's your child?
At home.
Don't worry. I can help your child.
It's that face.
It was that expression
on my man's face that I missed so much.
Your man?
I guess you didn't know.
Doctor Kwak and I are engaged.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Hospital Ship]
- Why is your room so empty?
- I'm going to sleep with Hyun.
These are signs
that you've fallen in love.
- Am I nothing to you?
- Is that why you're avoiding him?
It could be a heart attack,
so call the Marines for a helicopter!
Mom, wake up! Mom!
What the heck did you do in there?
It's because he's her guardian. It's hard
to be a doctor in front of family.